# Board Meeting with Dr. Kelly
## 29 September 2017

Minutes of the weekly board meeting with Dr. Kelly, chairman of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, and club advisor.

### Objectives
* Confirm date and location of first general body meeting
* Show off club logo
* Evaluate parts list with Dr. Kelly
* Prioritize items we need for the room (just in case)

### Attendance
Abbigail Waddell, Alan Kruger, Chris Cannon, Holley Jupiter, Kenneth Lindsay, Uriah Newkirk, & Dr. John Kelly

### Discussions
#### First General Body Meeting
* Date Monday October 16th at 7:00 pm in Cherry 217

#### Parts List Walkthrough
* Objective is to have a room full of people with everyone able to do something because we can easily fill a room of ~20 people
  * (20 for meetings and around 40 for workshops)
* *Reminder*: check with Eubanks to be sure we have all available soldering equipment
* Cut and make our own ethernet cables (possible workshop idea)
* Ethernet/Connectivity
  * Are there enough ethernet ports in the room? We have the option of adding more
  * Do we need a new switch?
  * Do we need to add an access point inside the room?
* VEX: One big VEX kit with lots of parts so you can select which individual parts you require instead of old arduino kits method
* Think about prioritizing things on parts list in case we don't have money to order everything at once (workshop stuff, soldering, and ethernet probably being highest on the list)

#### Other News
* We should have the robots here the week after homecoming/fall break
* Possibly activities: teach 3D CAD to help alongside Makerspace teachings
* The floors of Cherry are ideal for race car type competitions (foam safety at the end of the hall)
* After our first meething, we gotta get going
  * Kickoff/first competition
  * Pop-up Classes
  * Possible Spring hackathon event??
