# Remote Board Meeting
## 2017-06-27

Minutes of the first remote board meeting of Aggie Robotics for Summer 2017 via Google Hangouts.

### Objectives

* Approve the official charter for Aggie Robotics
* Establish an official board for Aggie Robotics
* Receive reports on the progress of the MakerSpace
* Establish priorities for summer planning time

### Attendance

Chris Cannon, Abby Waddell, Robert Mwaniki, Holley Jupiter

### Discussion

#### Charter Approval

The charter has been an open pull request for several months. Approved by all members and merged.

#### MakerSpace Updates

##### PopUp Classes

MakerSpace will be hosting "pop up classes" throughout the semester. Where should we draw the line between contributing
to the MakerSpace and building the Robotics Club brand?

Robotics-specific topics should be covered in _Robotics Club_ events.

##### Room Update

Furnature and equipment should start moving in next week. Budget for room enhancement is spent. Anything else will have
to be added per request as the semester gets underway.

Superuser duties will be demanding, but should be rewarding.

There will be training and testing involved for superuser qualification.

Training can begin when we are available.

#### Officer Elections

* President: Chris Cannon
* Vice-President: Holley Jupiter
* Secretary: Uriah Newkirk
* Treasurer: Robert Mwaniki

#### Next Meeting

Wednesday, 2017-07-05 at 2100 Eastern Time. President and Vice President will make assignments for preparations by that time.
