# Meeting with Dr. Kelly
## 2017-05-02

Minutes of the board meeting with Dr. Kelly, chairman of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, and club advisor.

### Objectives
* Establish common purpose for partnership between the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Aggie Robotics.

### Attendance
Robert Mwaniki, Holley Jupiter, Abbigail Waddell, Chris Cannon, Uriah Newkirk, Kenny Lindsay, Dr. John Kelly

### Discussion
#### Club
* Dr. Kelly agrees on our mission statement and the idea of a balance between structure and free innovation.
* A "club" rather than an official organization provides the freedom that we seek to provide.
* Important to strike a balance between the College of Engineering and the campus at large. Because funding and support will come from the CoE, it is important that we maintain the primary stakeholder.
* Structured leadership is important at first, specifically to maintain accountability of assets and provide coordination with the department.


#### Space
* Dr. Kelly has successfully secured some funding for the department, which broadens the reach and capability of the space.
* This space will serve as an extension of the "MakerSpace", and there will be obvious overlap between the "making" and Robotics.
* "Superusers", trained in safety and operation of the equipment of the MakerSpace.
* We will need similarly qualified users for the Robotics Space.

#### Vision
* Competitions
  * Provide common parts needed to participate in a simple competition like creating a bot to follow a line, or some other task.
  * Create "kits" to get a competition started.
  * Use parts to build a given item, and return the parts at the conclusion of the competition.
* We want to put _fun_ in the __desert__ of the Math Pipeline and other pain points in the curriculum.
* Potentially will lead to "non-senior design" projects where undergraduates design and develop solutions to real problems.
* Perhaps this can lead us to expand _beyond_ the "Aggie Robotics" label that more adequately addresses what the club will do.
* We are invited to propose a budget of up to $5,000 that will be used to enhance the Space.
* "Pop Up Classes" -> new branding of "workshops"
