# Board Meeting
## 2017-05-01

### Objectives
* Establish a mission statement for Aggie Robotics
* Prepare a concise, deliverable mission for Dr. Kelly
* Establish and agree upon a format for temporary operational organization of Aggie Robotics

### Attendance
Robert Mwaniki, Holley Jupiter, Abbigail Waddell, Chris Cannon

### Discussion

#### Formality
* We want Aggie Robotics to be formal enough to protect assets, without preventing any potential learning from taking place.
  * Mostly comes down to who has card access
  * Lab hours?
  * Extra hours can be available upon request and approval

#### Mission
* Freshmen are a large part of our audience
  * This puts a burden on us to provide good learning opportunities
  * Training is going to be _essential_
    * Breadboard
    * GitHub
    * Circuits Lab?
  * Advance as we go
* Can we build upon other topics as we go?
  * Would have to continually build upon topics to get more and more advanced.
  * "Checkpoints" every 2 weeks or so
* Allow students to store project in lockers as they progress
* Layout of the room must be more conducive to
* Should develop "curriculum" over the summer
  * Help students progress and learn more things
* Lab hours
  * board members do approximately 1 night a week?
* Reach out to internship employers
  * Bring people in to talk?
* **RFID Scanner** to protect assets
* Website: Open source GitHub Page to allow collaboration

#### Mission Statement
"The mission of Aggie Robotics is to provide practical educational opportunities and resources for free innovation in Robotics, Electrical Engineering, and Computer Science."

#### Mission Plan
1. Create Aggie Robotics Charter
2. Generate a year-long curriculum to help Freshmen gain a basic competency in the laboratory.
3. Establish a program of quality, cross discipline workshops to enrich the campus community.
  * Java
  * GitHub
  * 3D design
  * Data Structures
4. Create a communication plan to effectively inform the campus community on the goals and events of Aggie Robotics.
5. Develop a reward/tracking system for learning new skills.
  * Involve the OtherMill to create a nametag
