# Board Meeting with Dr. Kelly

## 2017-06-13

Minutes of the board meeting with Dr. Kelly, chairman of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, club advisors, and representatives of MakerSpace.

### Objectives
Talk budget and core values of both groups

### Attendance
  Dr. John Kelly, Princeton Perry, Robert Mwaniki

### Discussion

#### Budget
* The makerspace has completed their budget list, and trimmed budget down to a figure.
* The creation of the studio will be ommited from the initial budget strategy.
* The makerspace will tap into the budget designated by Dean Bala Ram.
* Reserved money will be left in place for the Aggie Robotic team to request in the month of August.
* Dr. Kelly predicts acquiring a sizeable budget from sponsors by September.

#### Vision
* Create an environment for students to innovate, interact and empower
* The environment will be inclusive, in which fun activities encourage 'Design Thinking' 
* Create a "non - learning", learning environment. A place that is not a classroom. 

#### Plan
* August: we return refreshed and ready to challenge the semester
* September: Assimilate into the MakerSpace ecosystem. Learn how to use the tools, teach Pop Up classes.
* September: Approach Kelly with costs, tools needed. 
* October:  Get people interested in big technical projects. Such as Vex Robotics Kits, Battlebots, etc... 
* November: Start making shirts and making designs to distribute to interested students. 
* November: Announce the return of the Robotics Club
* December:  Early December, end of year “Release the Stress Event.”
		        **Smash, Destruct, ‘Blow up’**
* December: Exams
* January: Launch club, free shirt give aways, organized events, build teams to start working on Vex robots.
* February: Teams working on projects. Continue duties as MS Superusers
* March: Teams working on projects. Continue duties as MS SuperUser
* March: Vex Competitions
* April: BattleBot Competitions
* May: Summer Begins. Voting for new positions.



#### Closing remarks
* Robotic eboard members will get the superuser access, after completing safety training



