# Board Meeting with Dr. Kelly
## 2017-09-09

Minutes of the weekly board meeting with Dr. Kelly, chairman of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, and club advisor.

### Objectives
* Update on the order of materials for Robotics competition.
* Continue discussion of Aggie Robotics brand.

### Attendance
Chris Cannon, Holley Jupiter, Uriah Newkirk, Abbigail Waddell, Dr. John Kelly.

### Discussion
#### Competitions
* Dr. Kelly has stated he has all needed information to begin ordering parts for competition.
* Dr. Kelly suggests we begin envisioning the next year in competitions so that we are always advancing towards a goal.
  * Final competition for the year: Robot battle (perhaps sumo-style?)
  * Work backwards from there, host at least one intermediate competition involving multiple controls and/or autonomy
  * Perhaps introduce another platform type for 2nd competition, wheeled base

#### First Robotics
* Dr. Bennett, director of first robotics initiative.
* Dr. Kelly suggested we reach out to Dr. Bennett and see what partnership can benefit both the club and the beneficiaries of the program.
* We are the "face to their aspirations" and should be involved!
* Potential to share resources

#### Meet with Dean
* It is the Dean' job to showcase the best work of the college of engineering to potential students and sponsors
* The more she knows about us, the more we can benefit from that work.
* Plan a day for 45 minute meeting with Dean to introduce what we do, how we do it, and who we are.
* We attract the kinds of students she wants. If we demonstrate that, it is up to her what she does with that info (support)

#### Budget
* $0-$100 is easily funded for small meeting, projects, and demonstrations
* $101-$5000 is the next level, more paperwork
* +$5000 is difficult to arrange
* Look into ez screenprint as a way to create our own shirts and other branding items
