# Remote Board Meeting
## 2017-08-17

Minutes of the return of the semester first meeting
### Objectives

* Agree on Robotic Kit for competitions
* Design course
* Agree on budget estimation
* Talk about Apparel
* Approved Allan's enrollment into the club. 



 

### Attendance

Chris Cannon, Allan ,Abby Waddel,Uriak NewKirk, Joseph, Robert Mwaniki


### Discussion

Robotic kit selected is the DB RoboShop Rover V2 - $82.
We will create roughly 5 teams for students to participate in. Design the course to be located in McNair Lobby. The teams will design their respective robots to 
desires. Robots must run in the obstacle course and be user controlled. 



##### Competition 
* Robotic Race for up to 5 teams. 
* Track
* User controlled robot
* Advertising: Fliers and emails - (FREE) 
* Prize - one prize for $50 divided equally among 5 team members. 
* BlueTooth remote
* Rules - no touching the robot after entering the arena
* Start planning 2 weeks from now
* Week long competition
* Any engineering students can enter the competition
* Teams of 5 students 
* Talking to freshmen students in ECEN 101: Horne and Gilmore's classes
* See Dr. Kelly on Monday August 28th, 2017.  **September 1st competition on the Friday September,8th**.
* Find time for students to meet. 


##### Apparel (Allan taking lead)
* Polo Shirts
* Specs: Robotic Club logo, 
* Blue, or variation of blue


##### Costs
* DB RoboShop Rover V2 - $82 - Source: RoboShop
* Play Doh $7.27 - 3 pounds (x5)
* Solo Cups $4.40
* 1x5 planks of wood for bo
* Bluetooth Remote $40 ea 
* Robotics Club apparel - 

