# Board Meeting with Dr. Kelly

## 2017-06-06

Minutes of the board meeting with Dr. Kelly, chairman of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, club advisors, and representatives of MakerSpace.

### Objectives
Add a line of communication between the Aggie Robotics and Makerspace teams

### Attendance
Robert Mwaniki, Princeton Perry, Jacqueline ...., Kenny Lindsay, Dr. John Kelly

### Discussion
#### Infrastructure
* The concern that the Robotic Club had a structured infrastructure
* The rules of the Robotics' Club have to align with the rules of the Makerspace
* SuperUsers: Prior super users and Aggie Robotic board volunteers - have to be trained on machinery, and volunteer their time for at least 4 hours a week. This will be a fix schedule, with penalties if one is not able to clock in for their shift. This will be non-paid.
* Visible distinction between Makerspace users and Aggie robotics users. Such as name cards with color makers. 

#### Budget
* In full disclosure, Dr. Kelly confided  that the MakerSpace budget was previously alloted to the Aggie Robotics.
* Dr. Kelly encouraged us to be **_vocal, about our needs for the club._**
* Furthermore, stage 1 of the budget would be to get a working structure in place. As the semester progresses Dr. Kelly will approach more sponsors for additional funds.
* In stage 1, Perry wants to get the key essentials such as workstations, sofa lounge area in place, OtherMills and 3D printers in place. 

#### Vision
* **Union** of shared ideas between the Robotics Club and MakerSpace
* Promotional nights for *interest* groups: ie. womens' night, entrepreneurs' night, mechanics' night.
* Dr. Kelly wants an environment for people to *take their idea and make it into a prototype.* There will be limited constraints, users will own the rights of the prototypes they create.
* **Competitions for Aggie Robotics' members to participate in.**

#### Final Thoughts
* Get both entities talking and *working as one.* 
* Talk out, budget requirements. 


