# Remote Board Meeting
## 2017-08-17

First meeting of the semester
### Objectives

* Agree on Robotic Kit for competitions
* Design course
* Agree on budget estimation
* Talk about Apparel
* Approved Allan's enrollment into the club. 



 

### Attendance

Chris Cannon, Allan , Abby Waddel, Uriah NewKirk, Joseph, Robert Mwaniki


### Discussion

Robotic kit selected is the DB RoboShop Rover V2 - $82.
We will create roughly 5 teams for students to participate in. Design the course to be located in McNair Lobby. The teams will design their respective robots to the teams'
specifications. Fundamental requirements include: robots must run in the obstacle course and be user controlled. 



### Competition 
##### Requirements
* Robotic Race for up to 5 teams. 
* Any engineering student can enter the competition
* Track to fit in McNair Lobby
* User controlled robot
* Prize - one prize of $50 divided equally among 5 team members. 
* BlueTooth remote.
* Rules - no touching the robot after entering the arena
* Talk to freshmen students in ECEN 101: Horne and Gilmore's classes
* Advertising: Fliers and emails - (FREE) 

##### Time
* Start planning 2 weeks from now
* Week long competition
* Team meeting with Dr. Kelly on Monday August 28th, 2017.  
* Projected Dates Start-Finish: **September 1st, competition on Friday September,8th**.
* Set goal to find time for students to meet. 


##### Apparel (Allan taking lead)
* Polo Shirts
* Specs: Robotic Club logo, encompass an engineering-esque design
* Blue, or variation of blue.


##### Costs
* DB RoboShop Rover V2 - $82 - Source: RoboShop
* Play Doh $7.27 - 3 pounds (x5)
* Solo Cups $4.40
* 1x5 planks of wood for bo
* Bluetooth Remote $40 ea 
* Robotics Club apparel - 

