# Board Meeting with Dr. Kelly
## 22 September 2017

Minutes of the weekly board meeting with Dr. Kelly, chairman of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, and club advisor.

### Objectives
* Establish date for first general body/interest meeting
* Update on parts list for general robotics club needs
* Update on card access to necessary rooms

### Attendance
Abbigail Waddell, Uriah Newkirk, & Dr. John Kelly

### Discussions
#### First General Body Meeting
* Official date: October 11th (changed from the 4th to no longer conflict with Homecoming week)
* Location: Lecture room 3 if available (need to fill out information and give to Dr. Kelly so he can reserve it)
  * purpose, date, time, special needs (projector to show hands on demonstrations up close, etc.)
* Pizza
  * Need an estimate of how many will attend
  * Dr. Kelly gives us cash, we keep the receipt and attendance sheet from the meeting to give back to him so he can cover the costs
* Get the flyer to Dr. Kelly at least a week in advance
  * Complete logo before the end of next week (September 29th)
* Have more structured meetings

#### Card Access to Rooms
* If no one has received card access to Makerspace/318 as of now, email Ms. Brown (cbrown@ncat.edu) and let her know 

#### Other Notes
* Floor in 318 has been waxed
* Need someone knowledgeable on instructables (website)
* Decide on which sign to buy by the time we begin competitions
* Need documentation of competitions for website
* (idea) Robotics Club "Adult Swim": Only 318 open and only for robotics club members to work on projects
